add blogs section and release_202404 (#676)
aiidalab/aiidalab-qe: docs/source/blogs/release_202404.rst

.. _blogs:release_202404:

************************
QEApp 2024.04 Release
************************

> AiiDAlab team and the online developers community are proud to present QEApp 2024.04!
> 
> This version represents a significant milestone in the evolution of QEApp, delivering numerous features and improvements across various aspects of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AiiDAlab team and the broader developer community is proud to present the AiiDAlab Quantum Espresso app (QEApp) version 2024.04!

This version represents a significant milestone in the evolution of QEApp, delivering several features and improvements on various aspects of the app.
```

What's New
================================

New Plugins
----------------------

> We are introducing a range of new plugins that expand the capabilities of QEApp.
> These plugins cater to diverse computational needs and enhance the overall user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the introduction of a plugin interface in the previous release of QEApp, we are now introducing several new plugins that expand the capabilities of QEApp.
These plugins focus on addressing several diverse computational needs, significantly enhancing the range of properties that are now offered to the QEApp users.
```

.. figure:: /_static/images/qeapp_release_202404_plugins.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: New plugins for QEApp 2024.04

Reviewer 2: New plugins for AiiDAlab QEApp 2024.04

Author: Done!

Plugin Management Page
----------------------

> The new plugin management page simplifies how users find and manage their plugins, making it easier to customize and enhance their computational environment.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new plugin management page simplifies how users can find and manage their plugins, making it easier to customize and enhance their computational environment.

```

.. figure:: /_static/images/qeapp_release_202404_plugin_management.gif
   :align: center
   :alt: Plugin management interface

Job Search Page
----------------------

> To facilitate better job management, we have added a new job search page that allows users to efficiently search and manage their computational jobs.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To facilitate better job management, we now provide a new job search page that allows users to efficiently search and manage their computational jobs run by the QEApp.

```

.. figure:: /_static/images/qeapp_release_202404_job_list.gif
   :align: center
   :alt: New job management page

New Widgets
----------------------

> This release also introduces several new widgets, including tools for DFT+U, magnetic settings, computational resources and pseudopotential setup, further enhancing the functionality and user flexibility of QEApp.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release also introduces several new widgets, including tools for dealing with DFT+U calculations, with magnetic settings, with setting up custom computational resources and selecting custom pseudopotentials, and more generally further enhancing the functionality and user interface of the QEApp.

```

.. figure:: /_static/images/qeapp_release_202404_new_widgets.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: New widgets in QEApp

Reviewer 2: New widgets in AiiDAlab QEApp

Author: Done!

For a deeper dive into all the updates, please visit the :ref:`blogs:release_202404_details` for an in-depth look at what's new.

Acknowledgments
================================

> We extend our heartfelt thanks to all contributors from the AiiDAlab community and our supporting organizations. Your dedication and contributions make these advancements possible.
> 
> Happy calculation!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We extend our heartfelt thanks to all contributors from the AiiDAlab community, to the AiiDA developers, and to our supporting organizations. Your dedication and contributions make these advancements possible.

Happy calculations!
```

Reviewer: Maybe "supporting organisations" should be a link to the section "Our sponsors" of https://www.aiidalab.net/about/

The AiiDAlab Team

> April 25th, 2024

Reviewer: I guess we need to update the date. Shall we call the release 2024.05 at this point? Or we keep the name? (OK to keep the name if complex to change, and we release in a few days, in my opinion)

Author: Thanks for the review! I have updated the date!
We kept the name 2024.04 even though there were a few days of delay.
